# Social Media Performance Analysis

An basic analytics module utilizing Langflow and DataStax to analyze engagement data from mock social media accounts and Streamlit-based web application that allows users to interact with a flow generated by LangFlow for social media performance analysis.

## Used Tools:

● DataStax Astra DB for database operations.

● Langflow for workflow creation and GPT integration.

● Streamlit for frontend access of Langflow.

## Features

- Powered by **LangFlow** and **DataStax** for robust and accurate analysis.
- Interactive chat interface for social media performance analysis.
- Persistent query and response history using Streamlit's `session_state`.
- Easy-to-use interface with real-time insights from LangFlow.

---

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/devounik/Social-media-analysis-chatbot
cd Social-media-analysis-chatbot
```

### 2. Create a Virtual Environment

Set up a Python virtual environment to manage dependencies:

```bash
python -m venv venv

```

Activate the virtual environment:
On Windows:

```bash
source venv/Scripts/activate
```

On Mac/Linux:

```bash
source venv/bin/activate
```

### 3. Install Dependencies

Install the required Python libraries:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Create a .env File

Create a .env file in the root directory of your project and add the following:

dotenv

```
BASE_API_URL = "https://api.langflow.astra.datastax.com"
LANGFLOW_ID = "c65ee55b-d3de-407e-a98b-02be5720286d"
FLOW_ID = "8ba45494-c1c5-4b49-8775-41ebab170a9a"
APPLICATION_TOKEN = "<YOUR_APPLICATION_TOKEN>"
ENDPOINT = ""
```

Replace <your-langflow-generated-token> with the API token generated by LangFlow.

### 5. Run the Application

Start the Streamlit application:

```bash
streamlit run main.py
```

## How to Use

(1) Enter your query in the text area provided.

(2) Click on the "Send" button to analyze the query.

View the analysis result along with the chat history displayed below the input area.

# Questions You Can Ask:

- how to improve reach on reels ?
- what type of content gets most impressions?
- how to improve comments count on static images?

## Project Structure

- api_handler.py :
  This file defines a LangflowAPI class that interacts with the Langflow API to send input messages, execute flows, and extract text responses while handling errors and logging.

- app.py: Main application file containing the Streamlit app logic.
- config.py : This file loads environment variables using dotenv and defines a Config class that centralizes application configuration, including API credentials, endpoints, and tweak settings for specific Langflow components.
- requirements.txt: List of dependencies required for the project.
- .env: File for storing environment variables securely.

## Demonstration

https://youtu.be/_YCilWwIBv8

## Notes

Ensure you have a valid LangFlow APP_TOKEN before running the application.

The API token is stored securely in the .env file and accessed through python-dotenv.
